DPS state machine fixes (#220)
Azure/azure-iot-middleware-freertos: tests/ut/Readme.md

> # Azure IoT Middleware Unit Test Framework

Reviewer: might need to be made lowercase
```suggestion
# Azure IoT middleware Unit Test Framework

```

Author: Same as above - we'll keep uppercase in a title. Lowercase everywhere else.

## Overview

> The files in this directory implement the device SDK portion of unit testing of the Embedded SDK for Azure IoT Convenience layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The files in this directory implement the device SDK portion of unit testing of the Azure IoT middleware for FreeRTOS.

```

Author: Good catch! Copy/paste. Fixing in both places.

## Prerequisites

The Unit Tests are using the [CMocka](https://cmocka.org/) framework.
On Ubuntu, this can be installed by running:

`sudo apt install libcmocka-dev libcmocka0`

> 

Reviewer: nit extra space
